# RevelTek

Welcome to RevelTek! 

We are an International Technical Consulting Firm that provides top-notch consulting services to organizations in the tech industry. We are a company that is driven by a passion for innovation and a commitment to excellence. And we are looking for talented individuals who share our vision and values to join our team. At RevelTek, we specialize in providing a wide range of services that are designed to help organizations transform and evolve in the ever-changing landscape of the tech industry.
### Our Diversity & Inclusion
At RevelTek, we are committed to fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion. We believe that diversity is a key driver of innovation, creativity, and success, and we strive to create a workplace that is inclusive and welcoming for all. Our approach to diversity and inclusion is centered around our belief that everyone should be treated with respect and dignity. We recognize that everyone brings unique perspectives, experiences, and skills to the table, and we value the contributions of all our staff, regardless of their background or identity. We have a strong focus on family, minorities, women, and inclusion. We understand that the tech industry is often dominated by men and that it can be challenging for women and minorities to succeed. That's why we go out of our way to create a supportive and inclusive environment where everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed. We also recognize that some members of our society face more challenges than others and that these challenges can be financial, social, or cultural. That's why we are an equity-driven company that goes out of our way to help the underprivileged. We provide our team members with the support and resources they need to succeed, and we actively seek out opportunities to make a positive impact in our community. 
### Work-Life Balance:

We understand that many of our employees have families and other responsibilities outside of work, and we believe that it's important to invest in their home life and family life. By allowing our employees to work from home, we are able to provide them with a more flexible schedule that allows them to balance their work and personal responsibilities.
Our training directly prepares you for the 5 areas that you’ll be graded on in interviews and throughout your work with us. 
Our 5 pillars are: 

- **Ignite Curiosity**: Learn literally any skill with ease as Mr. Hackney gives the reader seven easy steps to follow. Author & professor, Matt Hackney is an entrepreneur and renaissance man who has mastered many skills, including ballroom dancing, book publishing, martial arts, stocks & investments, weight loss, modeling, and many more.
- **Regularity**: The Self-Motivated Impact Learning Environment utilizes techniques for success. We encourage learning from preschool all the way to career growth with a SMILE - a Self-Motivated Impact Learning Environment. In this method, students go through a 5-step process to encourage themselves, ignite their own curiosity, find inner passions, collaborate with like-minded individuals who share similar goals and who are discovering the same subjects, and finally to engage in community development to share wisdom back with those who need it most. 
- **Focus**: SMART Star is a daily activity which highlights the Space, Track, Assist, Reach of the particular project you are working on. We teach how to take ownership of your job and showing others that you're comprehensive in task management in a digital age. 
- **Ethics & Security**: Preparing our students for the future amidst lightning-paced advancements in technological innovations requires our students to develop important soft skills. Apart from honing the indelible human touch, it is vital for them to develop a posture of learning that they can carry with them for a lifetime of growth and progress. For this, we subscribe to the 5C’s, which are essential Learning Skills of the 21st century for shaping responsible Global Citizens who will become inspiring future leaders.
- **Productivity**: In collaboration with the National Science Foundation and Microsoft Learn, you will collaborate and create in real time with teammates worldwide. Bring ideas to life with colleagues across all your devices with futuristic apps like Dynamics 365, SharePoint, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. Easily share and access files wherever you are with secured OneDrive cloud storage. Protect what's important, Stay secured and productive on any device.

